---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sendgrid_sso_integration Resource - terraform-provider-sendgrid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# sendgrid_sso_integration (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the integration is enabled.
- `name` (String) The name of the integration.

### Optional

- `entity_id` (String) An identifier provided by your IdP to identify Twilio SendGrid in the SAML interaction.
					This is called the 'SAML Issuer ID' in the Twilio SendGrid UI.
- `signin_url` (String) The IdP's SAML POST endpoint. This endpoint should receive requests
					and initiate an SSO login flow. This is called the 'Embed Link' in the Twilio SendGrid UI.
- `signout_url` (String) This URL is relevant only for an IdP-initiated authentication flow.
					If a user authenticates from their IdP, this URL will return them to their IdP when logging out.

### Read-Only

- `audience_url` (String) The URL where your IdP should POST its SAML response.
					This is the Twilio SendGrid URL that is responsible for receiving and parsing a SAML assertion.
					This is the same URL as the Single Sign-On URL when using SendGrid.
- `completed_integration` (Boolean) Indicates if the integration is complete.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `single_signon_url` (String) The URL where your IdP should POST its SAML response.
					This is the Twilio SendGrid URL that is responsible for receiving and parsing a SAML assertion.
					This is the same URL as the Audience URL when using SendGrid.
